Add sanity checks for SRS length and non-trivial updates (#69)
midnightntwrk/midnight-trusted-setup: README.md

## Optional: Verify the latest SRS

> The latest SRS can be found at [LatestSRS], its size is approx. `3.1GB`. Once you’ve

Reviewer: Can we specify the exact size?

downloaded the latest SRS, you can confirm its authenticity by comparing its
SHA-256 checksum with the one listed in PARTICIPANTS.md:
```sh
sha256sum <PATH-TO-DOWNLOADED-SRS>
```

> Next, you may verify that it is structurally correct and has the expected length of $2^{25}$ with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you may verify that it is structurally correct and has the expected
length of $2^{25}$ with:
```

## Optional: Verify the latest SRS

> The latest SRS can be found at [LatestSRS], its exact size is `3221225856 B`.
> Once you’ve downloaded the latest SRS, you can confirm its authenticity
> by comparing its SHA-256 checksum with the one listed in PARTICIPANTS.md:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest SRS can be found at [LatestSRS], its exact size is `3221225856 B`
(about `3.2 GB`). Once you have downloaded the latest SRS, you can confirm its
authenticity by comparing its SHA-256 checksum with the one listed in
PARTICIPANTS.md:
```
